Added packer template, vagrant template and answer file for hyper-v g… (#1292)
chef/bento: README.md

$ packer build -var 'mirror=http://mirror.utexas.edu/fedora/linux' fedora-31-x86_64.json
```

> To build a Windows 10 Enterprise Gen 2 box for only the Hyper-V provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a Windows 10 Enterprise Gen 2 box for the Hyper-V provider
```

```
$ cd windows
$ packer build windows-10gen2.json
```

> If the build is successful, ready to import box files will be in the `builds` directory at the root of the repository.

Reviewer: I'm confused about what happens in this sentence. What does "ready to import box files" mean?

Author: I'll fix this in the readme. It should read like "If your build is successful, your box files will be in a builds directory..."

#### Windows

```powershell
$VS = "Standardswitch"
$IF_ALIAS = (Get-NetAdapter -Name "vEthernet ($VS)").ifAlias
New-NetFirewallRule -Displayname "Allow incomming from $VS" -Direction Inbound -InterfaceAlias $IF_ALIAS -Action Allow
```

#### Hyper-V Generation 2 VM's

> There are fundamental differences between VM types (Gen 1 and Gen 2) in Hyper-V. Most notably, there is no floppy drive support for Gen 2. In order to provide the same resources you previously did with a floppy drive, you will now need to create iso images that contain those files (in particular, the autounattend.xml and the base_setup.ps1 files) and then attach those images via the "secondary_iso_images" parameter. You will also need to manage the driver disk that holds the hyper-v guest services drivers and adjust the autounattend.xml file as appropriate. Also note that there is an updated Autounattend.xml file for Gen 2 which supports EFI partitions. You will want to update that file for the particular Windows version you are using and ensure that the partitions are correct for you situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hyper-V Gen 2 VMs do not support floppy drives. If you previously provided resources using a floppy drive, you must add those files to your Gen 2 iso images, in particular:

- `autounattend.xml`: The Gen 2 `autounattend.xml` file supports EFI partitions. Update the `autounattend.xml` with the correct Windows version for your systems and ensure that the partitions are correct for your situation. You also need to manage the driver disk that holds the hyper-v guest services drivers and adjust the `autounattend.xml` file as appropriate. 
- `base_setup.ps1`

```

Are there any modifications for `base_setup.ps1` in Gen 2?
